Blog - how we built machine id (#106)
gravitational/blog: pages/how-we-built-machine-id/index.mdx

---
articleTitle: How We Built Machine ID

> description: This post explains how we built Machine ID to issue, renew and manage X.509 and SSH certificates for infrastructure resources like servers and databases, CI/CD automation, service accounts and custom code in applications such as microservices.

Author: ```suggestion
description: This post explains how we built Machine ID, our latest product which automates short-lived certificate issuance and renewal for machine-to-machine access at scale. 
```
